---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/2023-04-04/"}
---

# 2023-04-04

⬅  [[2023-04-03\|<<  Назад]] | [[2023-04-05\|Вперед >>]]  ➡
Обзор недели: [[2023-W14\|2023-W14]]


## Заметки за этот день:



## Рекомендации:

#### 1 - ⚪ 
Ран: 30 мин. Технология преодоления лидерской беспомощности у менеджеров | CEO Club, Денис Вертелецкий
https://youtu.be/3k00jf6b1G4
#### 2 - ⚪ 
14 мин. #33 Как СТОИЦИЗМ может помочь НА РАБОТЕ? 8 полезных советов
https://youtu.be/5ptf-8WYcWc



#### 3 - ⚪ 


## Комментарии:
Chat GPT please help me to correct audio message text to my friend about my day:
Hi Olga, how are you? I want to write this message to congratulate to you about remarkable progress in your education within our Profession Analyst Course, so congratulations and honestly, I don't like competition and when Alexei told that we would something like compete with each other I felt not good because I don't like this feeling I prefer to compete with myself. I know this week I want to be on time and that's enough for me. I don't like to compete with others because maybe it's from our childhood when teachers said that you are a good person or you a bad person and so from the time I prefer to compete with myself and I don't usually participate in competition. Nevertheless I am happy for your progress!
By the way you can send just a 15 seconds or 30 seconds messages to practice your English. So you don't stack in the situation when you didn't send messages for a long time and you feel like a big stone on your shoulders. So just 10-15 seconds to say hi and its counts as one more step toward fluency in English.
Have a nice evening. Looking forward to hearing from you soon. Bye.

GPT Chat:
Hi Olga, how are you? I wanted to send this message to **congratulate you on** your remarkable progress in our Professional Analyst course. Congratulations! Honestly, I don't like competition, so when Alexei **mentioned that** we **would be competing** with each other, I didn't feel good about it. I prefer to compete with myself and **set personal goals**. I know that this week, I want to be on time, and that's enough for me. I don't like to compete with others, perhaps **because of childhood experiences where** teachers **labeled you as** good or bad. Nevertheless, I am happy for your progress and I think it's great that we can **support each other in our journey to** fluency in English. By the way, you can send short 15-30 second messages to practice your English, so you don't feel like a big stone on your shoulders when you **haven't sent messages in a while**. Just a quick "hi" **counts as** one more step toward fluency. Have a nice evening and I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon. Bye!